---
layout: post
title:  Test Driving
categories: [Unit, Test Driving]
excerpt: Unit testing is what developers do in order to verify the functionality of the code that has just been created. The elaboration of this is separating the code by units
---

•	What is unit testing and What is a unit?

Unit testing is what developers do in order to verify the functionality of the code that has just been created. The elaboration of this is separating the code by units and testing it individually, units can be tested several times.

•	What is test driven development?

Test driving development would basically be added code within the code that helps to test the functionality created. It also helps to reduce errors within the code and improve development and functionality resulting in clean and bug-free code.

•	Why would you practice test driven development?

Because test driven development can help improve performance within your code and develop work at a more professional level.

•	What are the advantages and disadvantages of test driven development?

The advantages of using TDD within your project is the control it gives you of the project itself, being able to have a cleaner and more useful elaboration, using TDD within your code gives you a better view of how the final elaboration will be. to complete the code.
One of the most notable disadvantages that TDD build could have is the build itself. Being able to create the code itself that does the testing of the project, causes a delay 
